PREVIOUSLY
ON "GREY'S ANATOMY"...
I'M GETTING MARRIED TO BURKE.
OUCH.
I WENT TO THE BOARD
THIS MORNING
AND TOLD THEM I WAS RETIRING.
ONE OF US COULD BE CHIEF.
WE WERE HERE LONG BEFORE
YOU AND GEORGE
STARTED FOOLING AROUND.
HE IS MY HUSBAND.
STOP SAYING THAT
LIKE IT MEANS SOMETHING.
(Alex) JANE DOE,
ABOUT SIX MONTHS PREGNANT.
FOUND UNDER A PILE OF RUBBLE.
SHE CAN'T REMEMBER ANYTHING
FROM BEFORE THE ACCIDENT.
GO 60 DAYS WITH NO SEX,
NO OTHER WOMEN.
MY MOTHER'S DEAD, ISN'T SHE?
YES.
WHY DIDN'T YOU STAY
AND FIGHT FOR US?
I-I TRIED.
ALEX, I'M SORRY. I CAN'T.
***
(water running)
(Meredith) PEOPLE HAVE SCARS
IN ALL SORTS
OF UNEXPECTED PLACES,
LIKE SECRET ROAD MAPS
OF THEIR PERSONAL HISTORIES,
DIAGRAMS OF ALL
THEIR OLD WOUNDS.
ALEX! GOD.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
SEEN IT ALL BEFORE.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
MOVING IN.
WHAT?
MOST OF OUR OLD WOUNDS HEAL,
LEAVING NOTHING BEHIND
BUT A SCAR.
BUT SOME OF THEM DON'T.
ALEX IS MOVING IN?
TO THIS HOUSE?
HE'S TAKING GEORGE'S ROOM.
WHY?
I WAS ASLEEP
JUST A MINUTE AGO.
YEAH.
AND I WAS NAKED IN THE BATHROOM
WHEN ALEX WALKED IN.
I'M LUCKY I DIDN'T COME OUT
OF THE SHOWER TO FIND HIM
PEEING ALL OVER THE SEAT.
AND WE'RE UP.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH WHERE
HE WAS LIVING BEFORE?
I DON'T KNOW WHERE
HE WAS LIVING BEFORE.
PROBABLY A WHOREHOUSE.
I CAN'T HAVE HIM LIVING
IN THE ROOM RIGHT NEXT DOOR.
IT'S WEIRD.
PEOPLE ARE WHAT MATTERS.
ALEX IS ONE OF OUR PEOPLE.
WE CAN'T LEAVE HIM OUT
IN THE COLD.
"PEOPLE ARE WHAT MATTERS"?
YOU DON'T LIKE PEOPLE.
IS THIS ABOUT YOUR MOTHER?
NO.
I HAD A NEAR DEATH WHATEVER,
AND... I WAS DEAD.
AND NOW I'M NOT.
SO I'D LIKE TO USE
THIS CHANCE I'VE BEEN GIVEN
TO BE MORE POSITIVE.
PEOPLE ARE WHAT MATTERS.
PAINT WITH ALL THE COLORS
OF THE WIND.
OH. OKAY.
YOU'RE CRAZY NOW.
(laughs) I'M ALIVE.
YEAH, OKAY.
NO, NO. UM, I'M NOT DONE
IN THERE YET.
OH, DON'T WORRY.
NOT LOOKING, NOT INTERESTED.
SOME WOUNDS WE CARRY
WITH US EVERYWHERE,
AND THOUGH THE CUT'S
LONG GONE...
NO, SHE'S SELFISH,
IS IZZIE'S PROBLEM.
THE PAIN STILL LINGERS.
SHE'S NOT SELFISH.
SHE'S GENEROUS.
BUT... SHE--
SHE'S SELF-ABSORBED.
I MEAN, HER PROBLEM IS
THAT SHE DOESN'T SEE
OTHER PEOPLE'S PERSPECTIVES.
HEY, GIVE ME A BITE.
MMM.
YOU KNOW, IT'S WEIRD
BECAUSE SHE'S SO RIDICULOUSLY
COMPASSIONATE WITH HER PATIENTS.
YOU'D THINK SHE'D ROLL SOME
OF THAT OUT FOR HER FRIENDS,
BUT NOT THE WAY--
HOW ABOUT WE NOT TALK
ABOUT HER ANYMORE?
THAT'S A FINE IDEA.
***
HE IS IN GEORGE'S ROOM,
AND WHEN GEORGE'S STUPID
MARRIAGE CRASHES AND BURNS,
HE'S GONNA WANT TO MOVE BACK IN,
AND HE WON'T BE ABLE TO.
HIS LIFE WILL BE
IN A SHAMBLES,
HE'LL FINALLY NOTICE
THAT HIS DAD IS DEAD
AND HE MADE
A FOOL OUT OF HIMSELF
BY MARRYING SOMEBODY
HE DOESN'T REALLY LOVE,
AND HE'LL HAVE NO PLACE TO GO.
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I WANT.
HEY, LOOK WHO FOUND
SOME CLOTHES.
SHUT IT.
HOW YOU DOING?
OKAY, EVERYBODY,
LET'S DO THIS ONCE.
I'M FINE, SHE'S CREMATED,
I PICKED OUT A BEAUTIFUL URN,
AND SHE'S HANGING OUT
IN THE BACK OF MY CLOSET.
ANY MORE QUESTIONS
ABOUT MY DEAD MOTHER,
OR CAN WE GET BACK TO WORK?
OKAY.
(Cristina) DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHO THE NEW CHIEF CANDIDATE IS?
THE CHIEF'S BRINGING IN A RINGER
IN CASE HE DOESN'T WANT
TO GIVE THE JOB
TO EITHER OF YOUR BOYFRIENDS.
O'MALLEY,
YOU'RE WITH SHEPHERD TODAY.
YANG, DR. MONTGOMERY.
STEVENS, TO THE CLINIC.
KAREV, JANE DOE.
GREY, SCUT.
ONCE AGAIN, I AM FINE.
YOU CAN TELL EVERYBODY YOU FINE
TILL YOU'RE BLUE IN YOUR FACE.
YOUR MOM DIED,
AND YOU ALMOST JOINED HER.
YOU'RE TAKING IT EASY.
ANYBODY COME LOOKING
FOR ME YET?
WELL, NO MATCH
ON YOUR PRINTS, NO.
NO HITS FROM
MISSING PERSONS, PLUS--
MY FACE IS HARD
TO IDENTIFY.
WELL, THE SECOND
THEY FIND SOMETHING OUT
ABOUT YOUR IDENTITY,
I'M GONNA COME TELL YOU.
DR. SLOAN SAYS
I NEED SURGERY ON MY EYE.
WELL, HE JUST WANTS
TO MAKE SURE
YOU DON'T LOSE
VISION THERE COMPLETELY.
BUT DR. MONTGOMERY SAYS
I SHOULD WAIT A DAY OR TWO
'CAUSE OF THE BABY.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M
SUPPOSED TO MAKE OF THAT.
YEAH, WELL, I MEAN, SURGERY
CAN BE HARD ON A BABY,
BUT YOU'RE GONNA BE ON
A FETAL MONITOR THE WHOLE TIME,
SO IF ANYTHING GOES WRONG,
WE'LL CATCH IT.
THANK YOU.
I REALLY--I REALLY APPRECIATE
YOU TAKING THE TIME TO...
I MEAN, YOU'RE--
YOU'RE ALL I'VE GOT
IN THIS PLACE.
(Izzie) DOES THAT HURT?
OF COURSE IT HURTS.
DON'T POKE IT LIKE THAT.
HAS THE LUMP BEEN THERE
A LONG TIME?
I GOT SHOT 50 YEARS AGO.
IT'S BEEN THERE A LONG TIME.
BUT IT HASN'T BOTHERED YOU
TILL... RECENTLY?
IT BOTHERS ME
THERE'S A BULLET IN THERE.
IT'D BOTHER YOU, TOO,
BUT IT DIDN'T START HURTING
TILL A COUPLE OF MONTHS AGO.
YOU THINK IT'S A BULLET?
I DON'T "THINK," LADY.
I KNOW.
I WANTED IT OUT,
BUT THE ARMY DOCTORS
DIDN'T WANT TO GO GET IT.
SO THEY LET ME KEEP IT IN
FOR HALF A LIFETIME.
WELL...
LET'S GET SOME PICTURES,
SEE IF YOU'RE RIGHT.
I KNOW I'M RIGHT.
SAVE YOUR FILM.
JUST GET ME SOMETHING
FOR THE PAIN.
MR. SCOFIELD,
I'M SURE YOU ARE RIGHT,
BUT WE'RE STILL
GONNA DO THIS MY WAY.
DEREK.
THERE SHE IS.
HOW WAS YOUR FLIGHT?
THEY DIDN'T FEED ME,
WHICH I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
DR. O'MALLEY,
DR. CRAWFORD.
SHE'S A BIG PAIN IN THE ASS.
PLEASURE.
HE SAYS THAT BECAUSE WE WORKED
TOGETHER IN NEW YORK,
AND I WAS THE ONLY ONE
WHO NEVER HAD A CRUSH ON HIM.
NO, I-I DON'T BUY THAT.
WHAT DO WE KNOW, O'MALLEY?
DR. CRAWFORD HAS
A PARAFALCINE MENINGIOMA
ALONG THE SUPERIOR
SAGITTAL SINUS.
YOU'VE OPERATED THREE TIMES.
IT KEEPS ON COMING BACK.
YEAH, IT'S IN
DANGEROUS TERRITORY,
SO WE LEAVE A LITTLE BIT
OF THE TUMOR BEHIND EACH TIME,
AND WE GO BACK EVERY COUPLE
OF YEARS AND, UH, TUNE IT UP.
BUT THIS IS THE LAST TIME.
SORRY?
THIS IS IT, DEREK.
I'M DONE AFTER THIS.
HELEN...
THE RECOVERY TAKES FOREVER,
AND IT'S NOT LIKE
WHEN JAKE WAS AROUND.
I GO THROUGH THIS
BY MYSELF NOW.
DON'T THROW IN THE TOWEL.
I'M LOOKING
AT THE SITUATION AS IT IS.
I AM GOING TO DO THIS NOW,
THEN I AM GOING TO SPEND
THE NEXT TWO YEARS OF MY LIFE
LYING ON A BEACH,
ENJOYING THE SUN.
HELEN...
STOP LOOKING AT ME
LIKE I KILLED YOUR CAT.
THE DECISION IS MADE.
YOU GUYS SEEN BAILEY?
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
(George) CHECKING OUT
THE NEW CHIEF CANDIDATE.
(Meredith) CHIEF'S IN
WITH THE RINGER.
WE'RE LURKING IN A WAY THAT WAS
SUBTLE WHEN IT WAS TWO OF US,
BUT ISN'T NOW THAT IT'S 12.
(Cristina) I HEARD IT WAS
SOMEONE FROM STANFORD.
ALL THE PROFESSORS THERE
LOVED ME.
THEY LOVED YOU?
I WAS A GREAT STUDENT.
(Preston)
HOW YOU DOING, GREY?
OH, I'M FINE, SIR. THANK YOU.
(Cristina) MOVE, MOVE, MOVE.
SHE DOESN'T LIKE IT
WHEN PEOPLE ASK.
THE RINGER'S IN THERE
WITH THE CHIEF.
YEAH, AND WHOEVER IT IS
LOVES CRISTINA
BECAUSE EVERYONE AT STANFORD
JUST LOVED CRISTINA.
SHUT UP.
SHE'S A MOTIVATED STUDENT.
THAT'S NOTHING TO BE ASHAMED OF.
THANK YOU.
A BIT OF A KISS ASS,
BUT THAT'S HARD TO CONTROL.
(laughter)
OH, THEY'RE COMING OUT.
LOOK AWAY.
(both speaking indistinctly)
THAT'S COLIN MARLOWE.
(Alex) LIKE
THE MARLOWE TRANSPLANT?
LIKE THE BRIGHTEST THING
IN CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY
IN A GENERATION.
UH, DR. MARLOWE...
I'M, UH, PRESTON BURKE.
I'M A GREAT ADMIRER
OF YOUR WORK, SIR.
UH, PARTICULARLY THE--
YES, THANK YOU. I--
WOULD YOU EXCUSE ME
FOR JUST A SECOND?
WELL...
YOU GONNA GIVE ME A HUG
OR WHAT?
SO WHAT WAS THAT, EXACTLY?
HE WAS MY PROFESSOR.
WE WERE CLOSE.
WELL, "CLOSE" APPEARS TO BE
SOMETHING OF AN UNDERSTATEMENT.
IT WAS A LONG TIME AGO.
I TALK ABOUT HIM ALL THE TIME.
YOU NEVER THOUGHT TO MENTION IT?
WELL, UM, I DIDN'T THINK
YOU WANTED TO HEAR
ABOUT EVERY GUY
I EVER SLEPT WITH.
I HAVE A HYSTERECTOMY
TO PREP.
ARE WE DONE
WITH THE CURIOSITY? GREAT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT?
'CAUSE I DON'T WANT TO GO HOME
AND FIND ALEX THERE,
AND IT'S JUST THE TWO OF US,
YOU KNOW?
AND IT'S WEIRD AND AWKWARD,
AND HE DOESN'T KNOW
WHETHER HE SHOULD TALK TO ME
OR NOT TALK TO ME.
(mouth full) IT'S JUST SUCH
AN AWKWARD SITUATION.
I'D RATHER IT BE GROUP
AWKWARDNESS, YOU KNOW?
I DON'T WANT TO JUST BE STANDING
THERE STARING AT HIM. MEREDITH?
HEY,
HAVE YOU SEEN MONTGOMERY?
NO.
HEY! WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT?
YOU WANT TO COME OVER?
'CAUSE YOU AND I NEVER REALLY
GET A CHANCE TO HANG OUT AND...
(pager beeps)
IT MIGHT BE KIND OF FUN.
ALEX JUST MOVED IN, WHICH WAS
MEREDITH'S BRILLIANT IDEA.
AND HE STILL HAS A THING FOR ME,
SO IT'S... WHAT THE HELL?
THIS IS MY HIDING SPOT.
MY FATHER IS OUT THERE.
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
I NEED THIS CLOSET, MEREDITH.
COLIN MARLOWE?
YES, HE WAS MY PROFESSOR.
WE WERE CLOSE.
HE HAD HIS HAND ON YOUR ASS.
I SURE HOPE YOU WERE CLOSE.
DID YOU SEE SOMEBODY
GO IN THERE?
I DID.
SOMEONE'S HIDING FROM ME.
YES, I THINK SOMEONE'S
HIDING FROM ME, TOO.
YOU WERE THAT GIRL, HUH?
THE GIRL WHO SLEPT WITH
THE PROFESSOR.
WE HAD ONE IN MY CLASS.
SHE ONLY GOT TO
THE RADIOLOGIST, THOUGH.
NO ONE GOT NEAR
THE CARDIO GOD.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. I SCORED BIG.
YOU KNOW, HIDE IN THE BATHROOM.
MY AWKWARDNESS WITH MY FATHER
IS WELL-ESTABLISHED.
YOU AND THE CARDIO GOD,
ON THE OTHER HAND,
HAVE LOADS TO CATCH UP ON.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO TALK
TO THE CARDIO GOD.
(Colin) YOU KNOW WE CAN
HEAR YOU IN THERE, RIGHT?
LOUD AND CLEAR.
(clears throat)
OH. HI.
HI.
EXCUSE ME.
YEAH.
MAY I?
OH, I WAS JUST LEAVING,
ACTUALLY.
WE HEARD ABOUT YOUR MOTHER.
I'M SO SORRY.
THANK YOU.
THERE WASN'T A FUNERAL
OR ANYTHING?
OH, SHE DIDN'T WANT THAT.
I HOPE EVERYTHING'S OKAY
WITH THE BABY.
OH, WE'RE NOT HERE
WE'RE HERE BECAUSE
WE WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THAT YOU WERE ALL RIGHT.
OH, WELL, THAT'S SWEET,
BUT WE DON'T HAVE TO DO THIS.
I'M NOT IN SHOCK.
I'M NOT RACKED WITH GRIEF.
I'M JUST MOVING ON.
BUT YOU'RE HIDING
IN A BROOM CLOSET.
WELL, IF YOU COULD
JUST MOVE MY FATHER...
I SENT HIM
TO GO GET SOME COFFEE,
BUT WE'D REALLY LIKE TO...
YOU KNOW, MAKE DINNER
OR SOMETHING... FOR YOU.
HE'S BEEN REALLY WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
AND HE'S THE FAMILY
YOU HAVE LEFT, MEREDITH.
I-I DON'T SEE IT
THAT WAY.
OH, WHEN IS THIS GONNA STOP?
YES, HE MADE SOME MISTAKES,
BUT HE'S NOT A MONSTER.
HE'S JUST...
AN INARTICULATE PERSON
WHO SPILLS FOOD
ON HIS SHIRT, A LOT.
HAVE DINNER WITH US, TONIGHT.
I'LL MAKE SOME CHILI.
THE WHOLE THING WILL BE OVER
IN AN HOUR.
YOU THINK YOU CAN DO THAT?
(Colin) I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU HID IN A CLOSET
WHEN YOU SAW ME COMING.
IF IT WASN'T JUST TRAGIC,
IT MIGHT BE THE MOST
ADORABLE THING I'VE EVER SEEN.
YOU COULD'VE WARNED ME.
I THOUGHT, CRISTINA YANG
WOULDN'T HIDE IN A CLOSET
'CAUSE SHE DOESN'T WANT
TO TALK TO ME,
WHICH CLEARLY SHE DOESN'T
BECAUSE SHE FLED
LIKE A ROACH IN SUNLIGHT
WHEN SHE SAW ME COMING.
YOU KNOW, I DID NOT FLEE.
I WAS--I HAVE WORK TO DO.
I'M NOT A PROFESSIONAL
NOTE TAKER ANYMORE.
YOU GREW YOUR HAIR.
IT'S LOVELY.
DON'T FLIRT WITH ME.
I HAVE A PERSON.
REALLY? WHO?
PRESTON BURKE.
(laughs) YOU NEVER CHANGE.
MUST BE ADORABLE.
NO. SHUT UP.
IT IS A REAL RELATIONSHIP.
I BET IT IS.
I'M MARRYING HIM.
OH... GOOD.
CONGRATULATIONS.
NO, I'M BEING GENUINE.
IT'S WONDERFUL.
***
(sighs) CAN I GIVE YOU
A CONGRATULATORY HUG?
DON'T TOUCH MY ASS.
MY STOMACH IS GROWLING.
SORRY. WE CAN'T LET YOU EAT
BEFORE THE SURGERY.
THAT'S OKAY. I STAYED
AT THE ARCHFIELD LAST NIGHT.
I HAD THEM MAKE ME
BREAKFAST AT MIDNIGHT.
YOU SHOULD TRY
THE FRENCH TOAST.
IT'LL BLOW YOUR MIND.
BREAKFAST AT THE ARCHFIELD
ON AN INTERN'S SALARY?
YEAH, I KINDA LIVE THERE
AT THE MOMENT.
MY WIFE HAS A DEAL THERE.
THAT'S ONE HELL OF A DEAL.
***
SO OUR ROOM SERVICE BILL
AT THE ARCHFIELD,
IS THAT PART OF THE DEAL?
YEAH, SURE.
I MEAN, BREAKFAST ALONE IS,
WHAT, PROBABLY 50 BUCKS A DAY?
AND THEY STILL ONLY CHARGE US
$400 A WEEK?
SOMETIMES I PAY THEM MORE
FOR ROOM SERVICE.
OKAY. WELL, THEN JUST TELL ME
HOW MUCH IT IS,
AND WE'LL SPLIT IT
LIKE WE DO THE REST.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT,
GEORGE.
NO, COME ON. I'M NOT GONNA
HAVE YOU PAY FOR ALL THE FOOD.
JUST TELL ME HOW MUCH
THE ROOM SERVICE BILL IS.
WE PAY ABOUT, MM,
800 A WEEK.
DOLLARS?
I TOLD YOU
NOT TO WORRY ABOUT IT.
YOU CAN'T AFFORD THAT.
(lowers voice)
YES, I CAN.
HOW?
I'M YOUR HUSBAND NOW. YOU'RE
SUPPOSED TO TELL ME THIS STUFF.
OKAY. JUST COME HERE.
ALL RIGHT, MY PARENTS
HAVE A LOT OF MONEY...
WHAT?
AND SO I... HAVE MORE MONEY
THAN I'M MAKING.
AND WE DON'T HAVE
A SPECIAL DEAL
THROUGH FAMILY FRIENDS
AT THE ARCHFIELD.
I JUST--I PAY FOR IT.
HOW MUCH?
(normal voice)
$2,500 A WEEK.
YOU'RE AN HEIRESS.
OKAY. SEE, THIS IS WHY
I DON'T TELL PEOPLE.
YOU'RE AN HEIRESS.
NO, STOP TALKING.
YOU'RE AN HEIRESS?
DON'T--JUST DON'T, OKAY?
STOP TALKING. STOP TALKING.
I MEAN IT. I-I DIDN'T TELL YOU
BECAUSE MY PARENTS' MONEY
HAS AFFECTED EVERY SINGLE
RELATIONSHIP IN MY LIFE,
AND SO I'VE STOPPED TALKING
ABOUT IT AND LIVING IT--
NO, WAIT, WAIT.
SO WAIT. SO I'VE BEEN--
I'VE BEEN PAYING YOU
$200 A WEEK FOR WHAT, FUN?
(chuckles) NO. I USE IT
TO TIP HOUSEKEEPING.
***
GREAT!
OH! OH, I'M--YOU KNOW,
I'M GLAD I COULD PITCH IN.
YOU KNOW, IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE
THAT I SHOULD KNOW ABOUT
THAT'S, I DON'T KNOW,
HUGE LIKE THIS?
UH, I-I-I USED TO HAVE
A PET FERRET FOR NINE YEARS.
GEORGE...
***
GREAT.
STOP DISTRACTING
THE STAFF.
YOU'RE PUSHY.
ANYBODY EVER TELL YOU THAT?
(laughs)
UM, SO WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF A SAGITTAL SINUS BYPASS?
HAVE YOU EVER SCRUBBED IN
ON A SAGITTAL SINUS BYPASS,
DR. O'MALLEY?
NO.
IT IS WHAT THEY CALL
"BIG BALLS" SURGERY.
APPARENTLY I HAVE
A SURGEON WITH--
IT'S BEEN VERY SUCCESSFUL.
WHEN THE PATIENT
DOESN'T STROKE OUT.
IF IT WORKS,
THE TUMOR'S ALL GONE.
WE NEVER HAVE TO GO
BACK IN THERE AGAIN.
IF IT DOESN'T WORK, I'M DEAD.
IF YOU REFUSE TO COME BACK IN
TWO YEARS, YOU'RE DEAD ANYWAY.
THAT'S A DECISION
I CAN LIVE WITH.
THAT ISN'T A DECISION
O'MALLEY, GO FIND HER LABS.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK, HUH?
A FEW YEARS ON A BEACH,
AND THEN WHAT?
AFTER YOU PISS AWAY
YOUR SAVINGS,
YOUR MEMORY GOES,
MOTOR SKILLS DETERIORATE,
AND YOU'RE DYING A VERY SLOW,
MISERABLE, PAINFUL DEATH...
DEREK--
YOU'RE GONNA CALL ME UP
AND YOU'RE GONNA ASK ME
WHY WE DIDN'T DO SOMETHING
WHEN WE HAD THE CHANCE.
NOW THAT IS NOT SOMETHING
I CAN LIVE WITH,
NOT WHEN WE CAN DO SOMETHING
RIGHT NOW TO PREVENT IT.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE THE BULLET
HAS DAMAGED YOUR SCAPULA.
NO WONDER IT HURTS.
HOW DID YOU GET SHOT, SIR?
KOREA. GARDEN SPOT.
MAKES A NICE VACATION.
CAN I GET
A DAMN PAINKILLER?
I THINK
WE'LL DO YOU ONE BETTER.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE IT OUT.
MY BULLET?
(Richard) THERE WAS
NO REASON TO REMOVE IT
WHEN YOU FIRST GOT HIT,
BUT NOW IT'S INFECTED.
IT'S WORKING ITS WAY
INTO YOUR SCAPULA,
AND WE CAN'T HAVE THAT.
I NEED TO SEE THAT BULLET.
YOU GONNA FRAME IT?
NO, SMARTY-PANTS.
I WAS FRAGGED A COUPLE OF WEEKS
BEFORE IT ALL ENDED.
"FRAGGED"?
(Richard) YEAH, SHOT BY
ONE OF HIS OWN MEN.
I MADE A DECISION,
AND THEY DIDN'T LIKE IT.
AND THEN WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
WE'RE FACING ENEMY FIRE,
AND I TAKE A HIT FROM
THE WRONG SIDE OF THE LINE.
I COULD NEVER PROVE IT,
BUT WE CAN PROVE IT NOW
WHEN YOU PULL
THE DAMN THING OUT OF ME.
GET ME MY BULLET.
LET'S CALM DOWN, MR. SCOFIELD.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE
WHEN YOUR OWN MEN TURN ON YOU?
IT'S NOT A GOOD FEELING.
I JUST AGREED TO HAVE DINNER
AT MY FATHER'S HOUSE, TONIGHT.
OH.
AND CRISTINA SLEPT WITH
COLIN MARLOWE.
"MARLOWE TRANSPLANT" MARLOWE?
THEY HAD A THING
WHEN SHE WAS A STUDENT.
HOW COULD I HAVE A MEAL
AT MY FATHER'S HOUSE?
HE SLEPT WITH CRISTINA?
DEREK.
OH, RIGHT. SORRY. OKAY.
UM, HAVE DINNER AT YOUR HOUSE.
IT'S YOUR PLACE.
I'LL COME.
I'LL BE YOUR WINGMAN.
IT'LL BE FUN.
OKAY, IT WON'T BE FUN.
BUT IT'LL BE...
IT'LL BE FINE.
THEY'RE YOUR FAMILY.
WHY DOES EVERYONE ASSUME THAT?
YOU DESERVE TO HAVE
A FAMILY,
WHETHER YOU LIKE THEM OR NOT.
***
I THOUGHT WE HAD A DEAL.
WE AGREED I WOULDN'T SLEEP
WITH ANYBODY FOR TWO MONTHS.
WE NEVER SAID I WOULDN'T LOOK.
YOU DIDN'T THINK I'D HOLD OUT.
NO, I DIDN'T.
YOU'RE WORTH IT.
YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM.
SHE'S RICH, TOTALLY RICH,
BOATLOADS OF MONEY.
GEORGE, THAT'S FANTASTIC.
NO, IT'S...
IT'S NOT FANTASTIC.
(sighs)
CRISTINA DID COLIN MARLOWE.
CALLIE'S RICH.
DON'T TALK TO HER
ABOUT IT.
"HER"? I'M SORRY, I DON'T
HAVE A NAME ANYMORE.
"DON'T TELL ANYONE."
THOSE WERE MY WORDS.
SO--SO SHE'S RICH.
JUST SHUT UP ABOUT IT.
DO YOU THINK THAT'S POSSIBLE?
***
IF YOU GIVE ME
THE "PEOPLE IS WHAT MATTERS"
THING AGAIN,
I WILL KILL YOU.
WAS IT GOOD?
WAS HE GOOD?
DID HE MAKE YOU
A BETTER LOVER?
REMEMBER ALL THE OTHER TIMES
I'VE TALKED TO YOU
ABOUT MY SEX LIFE?
NO.
EXACTLY.
DID I MISS ANYTHING
ABOUT HER DOING THE OLD GUY?
SHE'S NOT TALKING.
OH, SHE'LL TALK.
SO I WAS SUPPOSED TO BE BACK
IN THE GAME TODAY,
BUT INSTEAD I'M PLANNING DINNER
FOR MY FATHER
IN MY DEAD MOTHER'S HOUSE.
I DON'T COOK.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO
COOK FOR THEM?
I WILL MAKE
YOUR STUPID DINNER.
SO WERE THERE ANY LITTLE
BLUE PILLS INVOLVED,
OR IS HE UNTOUCHED BY TIME?
DUDE, THAT'S JUST WRONG.
DON'T ANSWER THAT.
BECAUSE I AM YOUR FRIEND,
I WILL SHOW UP AT YOUR HOUSE
45 MINUTES INTO THE DINNER
WITH A FAKE CRISIS.
SO IF IT'S, UH, UNBEARABLE,
YOU CAN ABORT.
OH, THANK YOU.
MM-HMM.
COME ON. HE'S NOT A YOUNG MAN.
HE WASN'T GETTING A LITTLE HELP?
POPPIN' THE PILL?
DAD'S BEST FRIEND?
COME ON.
YOU'RE GONNA GIVE ME NOTHING
AFTER EVERYTHING
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH?
NOTHING?
IT'S A MIRACLE DRUG.
AND SOMEDAY,
IT'LL SAVE YOUR LIFE.
AH, DR. MARLOWE?
DEREK SHEPHERD. NEURO.
AH.
I'M DOING A SAGITTAL SINUS
BYPASS TODAY
IF YOU'D LIKE TO OBSERVE.
REALLY?
THAT'S QUITE A PROCEDURE.
WELL, IT'S A GOOD TRICK,
BUT IF YOU'RE REALLY INTERESTED
TO SEE
WHAT THIS HOSPITAL CAN DO,
I'M PERFORMING
AN ARTERIAL SWITCH OPERATION
FOR A T.G.A. THIS AFTERNOON.
IF YOU GENTLEMEN ARE TRYING
TO INTIMIDATE THE COMPETITION,
IT'S WORKING.
GOOD.
I'LL SEE BOTH OF YOU
IN SURGERY.
COLIN MARLOWE.
THE ONE AND ONLY.
HE...
YES.
WITH...
WOW.
INDEED.
YEAH.
SUCTION.
NO, NOT LIKE
YOU'RE DRIVING A TRACTOR.
SLOWLY. BETTER.
WHAT'S THE CHANCE SHE WAKES UP
AND REMEMBERS EVERYTHING?
I WOULDN'T COUNT ON IT.
DR. SLOAN,
THE BABY'S HAVING DECELS.
ARE YOU SURE? SOMETIMES
THE MONITOR'S NOT ON RIGHT.
YOU GET A FALSE READ.
SHE'S GOT VAGINAL BLEEDING.
THE BABY'S IN DISTRESS.
OH, DAMN IT.
PAGE DR. MONTGOMERY. NOW!
(Colin) YOU'RE MAKING
AN HONEST WOMAN
OF CRISTINA YANG.
THAT'S--THAT'S IMPRESSIVE.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT SHE WAS
COLLECTING US,
LIKE BASEBALL CARDS.
BASEBALL CARDS?
WELL, SHE LIKES
AN AUTHORITY FIGURE,
SOMEONE WITH SOMETHING
TO TEACH HER.
BUT I NEVER THOUGHT
SHE WOULD ACTUALLY COMMIT.
SHE USE TO SAY TO ME
THAT SHE THOUGHT
THAT MARRIAGE WAS FOR
THE WEAK AND UNDIRECTED.
I MADE A NUMBER
OF MARRIAGE PROPOSALS.
IT SEEMED
THE POLITE THING TO DO
AFTER SUCH A LONG TIME
TOGETHER,
BUT, UH,
SHE WOULDN'T HAVE IT.
ALL WHAT TIME? YOU WERE JUST
HAVING A FLING WITH A STUDENT.
A FLING? CRISTINA AND I
WERE TOGETHER FOR THREE YEARS.
IS THE PROBLEM THAT
I SLEPT WITH MY PROFESSOR,
OR THAT I WAS COMMITTED ENOUGH
TO KEEP AT IT FOR THREE YEARS?
OH, NO. YOU TOLD HIM
THAT YOU THOUGHT MARRIAGE
WAS AN IDIOTIC INSTITUTION.
IT IS.
THEN WHY DID YOU SAY YES?
BECAUSE I WANT
TO MAKE YOU HAPPY.
"HAPPY"?
YOU KNOW, I'LL DO A LOT
OF THINGS TO MAKE YOU HAPPY.
DO I GIVE A CRAP
ABOUT A CEREMONY WITH A DRESS
AND A FLAUTIST? NO.
BUT I'M HAPPY TO DO IT
IF IT'LL MAKE YOU HAPPY.
HEARTWARMING. THANKS.
(sighs)
YOU COULDN'T HAVE WAITED
ONE DAY?
SHE WAS 40% VISION COMPROMISED
IN HER RIGHT EYE.
IT WOULD'VE BEEN
GONE TOMORROW.
NO, IT WOULDN'T, ACTUALLY,
BUT THERE'S
A SNAZZY NEW CHIEF CANDIDATE
MARCHING AROUND THE HALL TODAY,
AND YOU NEEDED TO BE A HERO.
THAT'S WHAT NEEDED
TO HAPPEN TODAY.
THE PATIENT WAS FINE, ADDISON.
THE BABY'S STILL IN HER UTERUS,
AND SHE'S NOT LOSING AN EYE.
EVERY SURGERY IS RISKY.
THE PATIENT CHOSE THIS ONE.
KAREV...
DON'T JUST STAND THERE.
THE PATIENT'S BABY WAS
IN DISTRESS. GO. STAY WITH HER.
SOMETHING HAPPEN
WITH JANE DOE?
YEAH, SHE CAN SEE, AND ADDISON'S
GOT A PROBLEM WITH IT.
HE RUSHED HER INTO SURGERY,
AND SHE ALMOST LOST THE BABY.
I HAD TO SEW
HER CERVIX SHUT.
THE COMPLICATIONS HAD
NOTHING TO DO WITH THE SURGERY.
AND WHY? WHY DO YOU THINK
MARK MOVED SO QUICKLY, DEREK?
DO YOU THINK IT'S BECAUSE
A PIECE OF THE ORBITAL BONE
WAS FLOATING TOWARDS
THE BRAIN?
WELL, I THINK IT'S BECAUSE
MARK WANTS A PROMOTION.
YOU'RE NOT HER HUSBAND.
THIS ISN'T YOUR PATIENT.
STAY OUT OF IT!
WHAT THE HELL DO YOU PEOPLE
THINK YOU'RE DOING?
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
THE LEADERSHIP OF THIS HOSPITAL.
SCREAMING ABOUT A PATIENT
IN THE HALLWAY?
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MINDS?
(Colin) TOUGH PROCEDURE.
MM-HMM.
IT'S A BOLD CHOICE.
WE'VE BEEN FIGHTING
THIS ONE FOR A WHILE.
I'M HOPING THIS WILL BE
THE END OF IT.
(monitor beeping erratically)
WHAT HAPPENED?
(man) END-TIDAL C0-2
JUST DROPPED FROM 30 TO 16.
BAGGING MANUALLY.
DOPPLER'S SHOWING AIR
IN THE LEFT VENTRICLE.
(George) 0-2 STAT'S
DOWN TO 89.
(Derek) ASPIRATE
THE CENTRAL LINE.
SHE'S BRADYCARDIC.
PUSH 1 OF ATROPINE.
THERE'S NO AIR
IN THE CENTRAL LINE.
ALL RIGHT, LEVEL HER OUT.
I'M GONNA FLOOD THE FIELD.
(Colin) ASYSTOLE.
PUSH 1 MILLIGRAM OF EPI.
START COMPRESSIONS. GO. GET IN
THERE. GET IN THERE! DO IT!
THAT THINGS BEEN IN THERE
SINCE THE KOREAN WAR?
HE'S LUCKY IT DIDN'T
TRAVEL DOWN TO HIS AORTA.
OKAY, A LITTLE SUCTION THERE.
ALMOST...
I GOT IT. (sighs)
MAKE SURE WE GET THAT BACK.
THE PATIENT WANTS IT.
HE'S GOT A WARPED SENSE
OF NOSTALGIA.
HMM, I GET IT. IF THEY
PULLED A BULLET OUT OF ME,
I'D WANT IT CAST IN GOLD
AND MOUNTED ON MY WALL.
YEAH, WELL, YOU CAN AFFORD IT.
(Richard)
JUST A LITTLE MORE SUCTION.
LET'S GET READY TO CLOSE.
(monitor beeping erratically)
(Derek) SHE'S NOT RESPONDING.
I'M GONNA OPEN HER UP.
OPEN CARDIAC MASSAGE?
YOU'RE A NEUROSURGEON.
YOU HAVE NO PRIVILEGES
IN THIS HOSPITAL.
GET THE GLASSES OFF.
SHOULD WE PAGE DR. BURKE?
NO, I'VE GOT IT.
CROSS CLAMP THE HILUM.
YOU DON'T WANT AIR
IN THE CEREBRAL ARTERIES.
YEAH, I GOT IT.
GIVE ME A 10-BLADE.
10-BLADE QUICKLY, PLEASE.
O'MALLEY, GET OVER HERE.
LET'S ROLL HER. READY?
ONE, TWO, THREE. GO.
OKAY, RIB SPREADER.
(beeping continues)
OKAY, SCISSORS.
MASSAGE HER HEART, O'MALLEY.
(beeping continues)
I NEED TO ASPIRATE.
(Colin) ANY AIR RETURN?
10 cc's.
(beeping continues)
(man) END-TIDAL C0-2
IS GOING BACK UP.
(George) THE HEART'S STARTING
TO BEAT ON ITS OWN.
PRESSURE'S 60 OVER 40.
IT'S LOW, BUT IT'S THERE.
SHE'S GONNA MAKE IT.
YEAH.
(sighs)
SHOULD I START
CLOSING HER UP?
DR. SHEPHERD?
O'MALLEY, I JUST SLICED
MY FRIEND'S CHEST OPEN.
GIVE ME A MOMENT.
(sighs)
THAT WAS VERY WELL-HANDLED,
DR. SHEPHERD.
VERY IMPRESSIVE, INDEED.
NOT SOMETHING I WANT TO DO
EVERY DAY, BUT THANK YOU.
WHAT HAPPENED?
DR. SHEPHERD'S PATIENT HAD
A VENOUS AIR EMBOLISM.
HE HAD TO SPLIT HER CHEST OPEN,
MASSAGE HER HEART
AND MANUALLY ASPIRATE
RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF HIS PROCEDURE.
WHY DIDN'T YOU CALL ME?
UH, YOU WERE OPERATING.
I WAS NEXT DOOR.
YOU COULD'VE PULLED ME OUT.
THERE WAS NO TIME.
I HANDLED IT.
YOU THINK I CRACK PEOPLE'S HEADS
OPEN IF YOU'RE IN THE BUILDING
JUST BECAUSE I THINK
I CAN HANDLE A BRAIN BLEED?
THE PATIENT IS FINE.
THE PATIENT IS LUCKY,
AND YOU WERE SHOWBOATING.
SHOWBOATING? WHAT, ARE YOU
OUT OF YOUR MIND? I WAS--
WE SEEM TO BE GOING OUT OF
OUR WAY TO IMPRESS DR. MARLOWE.
I'LL BET WE ARE.
GENTLEMEN...
GOOD DAY, DOCTORS.
HOW YOU FEELING,
MR. SCOFIELD?
WHERE'S MY BULLET?
(Scofield sighs)
THAT IT?
WHERE'S THE REST OF IT?
THAT WAS IT.
IS THAT A LETTER?
CAN YOU READ THAT?
I-I DON'T THINK
IT'S MUCH OF ANYTHING.
I-I THINK
IT'S JUST A SCRATCH.
IT'S SO SMALL.
IT COULD JUST BE ANYTHING.
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME.
THEY DON'T HOLD UP THAT WELL.
COULD YOU HAVE YOUR LAB,
YOU KNOW, ANALYZE IT?
TELL ME IF IT'S
ONE OF OURS OR--
WE'RE NOT SET UP FOR THAT KIND
OF INVESTIGATION, MR. SCOFIELD.
YOU COULD TRY TO SEND IT
TO A FORENSIC LAB,
BUT I DON'T KNOW IF THEY'LL
TELL YOU MUCH EITHER.
I'VE BEEN STEWING
FOR 50 YEARS.
MAYBE IT'S TIME TO MOVE ON.
TO WHAT?
I LOST MY WHOLE UNIT
OVER THIS.
I CAME HOME.
MY WIFE, SHE DIDN'T GET IT.
I'VE BEEN BLAZING MAD
MY WHOLE LIFE.
I GOT NOTHING LEFT.
IT'S NOT TOO LATE
TO LET IT GO
AND START OVER.
YOU'RE A SWEET KID,
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO HAVE SOMETHING CHANGE YOU
IN YOUR SOUL.
I DO.
I WISH I DIDN'T,
BUT I DO.
DON'T LET IT TURN YOU.
(Miranda) YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU HAD A LONG DAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT FRAGGING IS?
MM-HMM.
WE'VE GOT AN EPIDEMIC
OF IT TODAY.
MY ESTEEMED ATTENDINGS
ARE GONNA BE THE DEATH OF ME.
IS THERE A FRONT-RUNNER?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT I DO KNOW IS
I DON'T WANT MY ATTENDINGS
TEARING EACH OTHER'S
THROATS OUT
BECAUSE OF SOME
INTERNAL POWER STRUGGLE.
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS
FOR THE HOSPITAL.
DOES THAT MEAN...
IS COLIN MARLOWE GONNA BE
THE NEW CHIEF?
GOOD NIGHT, DR. BAILEY.
THIS IS READY.
DON'T SLOSH IT AROUND.
IT'S ALL ABOUT
THE PRESENTATION.
COME IN AND EAT WITH US.
YOU NEED TO BOND
WITH YOUR PEOPLE, MEREDITH.
PEOPLE ARE WHAT MATTERS.
I HATE PEOPLE.
YEAH, WELL,
DO YOUR OWN TALKING.
WE TALKED.
WE TALKED HOSPITAL,
WE TALKED HIS RESEARCH,
WE TALKED DEAD MOTHER.
I'M OUT.
ASK ABOUT THE BABY.
ASK IF IT POOS. PEOPLE CAN
GO ON ABOUT THAT FOR HOURS.
(Susan) OH,
THE CHICKEN LOOKS DELICIOUS.
YEAH.
IT'S FROM THE STORE.
WELL, THE GREEN BEANS
LOOK GREAT AS WELL.
I... DIDN'T DO THOSE EITHER.
IT'S BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED.
IZZIE DID THAT.
OH.
ALEX!
COME, SIT.
(Derek) OH.
(Thatcher) NO, GO AHEAD.
EAT. WE'RE EATING.
THIS IS SUSAN,
AND THIS IS MY FATHER.
HI.
HERE, YOU CAN HAVE
THIS PLATE.
COOL.
OKAY. SO HOW ARE YOU?
HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
OKAY. HUNGRY.
GOOD.
MMM.
HOW'S THE BABY?
GREAT.
SHE'S SMILING NOW...
SOMETIMES. (laughs)
(laughs)
SHE LOOKS EXACTLY LIKE MOLLY
WH-WHEN SHE SMILES.
I MEAN, IT'S AMAZING.
I'VE GOT THIS OLD PICTURE
OF MOLLY AND ME
WHEN MOLLY WAS...
I DON'T KNOW, 5,
AND SHE'S SITTING ON THIS
RED SLED IN THE SNOW,
THIS GREAT, BIG FIR TREE...
YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT SURE THAT THAT--
YEAH. NO, HONEY,
IT'S A MASSIVE DOUGLAS FIR.
AND IN THE PICTURE, COULDN'T
LOOK MORE LIKE THE BABY.
I MEAN, INCREDIBLE.
THAT'S ME.
THE RED SLED
AND THE BIG FIR TREE
IN THE PARK
AT THE MIDDLE SCHOOL
IN THE UGLY, YELLOW,
PLAID WOOL COAT.
THAT ISN'T MOLLY.
IT'S YOU AND ME.
***
OH, GREAT.
(Izzie) CRAP.
SORRY. I THINK I BLEW
A FUSE.
SORRY.
I'LL GET IT.
NO, YOU KNOW,
I COULD GET IT. IT'S--
OH, IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM.
I KEEP FORGETTING.
WHAT?
IT'S HIS HOUSE.
***
I'M GOING HOME.
ARE YOU GOING HOME?
HOW DID IT END?
IT ENDED.
SCHOOL WAS ENDING,
I WAS LEAVING.
YOU WERE DONE.
I CAME HERE.
I FELL IN LOVE WITH YOU.
A NEW MENTOR WITH A HOST OF
NEW THINGS TO TEACH YOU.
IF YOU THINK THAT I'M IN THIS
FOR THE EDUCATION--
DO YOU OR DO YOU NOT
FIND MY KNOWLEDGE
AND MY SKILL COMPELLING?
OH, GOD. YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU ARE
BLOWING THIS WAY OUT OF--
A MAN THREE TIMES YOUR AGE
BELIEVED THAT HE WAS HAVING
A SUBSTANTIAL RELATIONSHIP
WITH YOU...
WELL, YEAH, HE WAS.
AND ONE DAY, YOU'RE DONE,
JUST LIKE THAT?
(scoffs) YES.
YOU DON'T OPEN YOURSELF UP...
TO ANYONE.
SOMETIMES...
I THINK IT'S CHARMING--
SHE'S DIFFERENT,
SHE'S NOT LIKE OTHER WOMEN.
BUT THE SIMPLE FACT IS--
IS THAT YOU HAVE
NEVER LET ME IN.
WHAT, YOU THINK THAT IT'S
GONNA MAKE A GOOD MARRIAGE?
WELL, I DON'T.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO MARRY ME
BECAUSE YOU'RE PLACATING ME.
THAT DOESN'T INTEREST ME.
IT DOESN'T INTEREST ME
AT ALL.
***
DO YOU THINK HE'S OKAY?
HE'LL FIND IT.
HE PROBABLY CAN'T SEE.
UM, THERE'S A FLASHLIGHT
IN THE CLOSET.
I'LL GO GET IT.
THANKS.
EXCUSE ME.
(sighs)
I'M SORRY.
IT'S GOING FINE.
I JUST...
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY TO HIM.
WELL, IT'S NOT EASY.
THAT'S 'CAUSE
HE'S AFRAID OF YOU.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE BIT
HIS HEAD OFF.
I WISH I COULD'VE JUST...
MEREDITH, IT'S OKAY
TO GET ANGRY.
IT'S YOU IN THE PICTURE.
IZZIE STEVENS?
I SHARE SOMETHING WITH YOU
THAT I CLEARLY FEEL
UNCOMFORTABLE ABOUT,
AND YOU TELL IZZIE STEVENS?
NO, I DIDN'T TELL IZZIE.
I TOLD MEREDITH.
MEREDITH TOLD--
OH! OH, SO THAT'S BETTER?
NO, IT WAS AN ACCIDENT. I--
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
I WAS PISSED OFF--WHY CAN'T YOU
GIVE ME THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT
THAT--THAT MAYBE SOMETIMES
I'M ON YOUR SIDE?
BECAUSE YOU CHOOSE YOUR FRIENDS
OVER ME EVERY CHANCE YOU GET.
NO, I DON'T.
I MARRIED YOU,
AND I HAVEN'T TALKED TO
MY BEST FRIEND IN WEEKS.
MEANWHILE YOU LIED TO ME
ABOUT WHERE WE LIVE AND WHY.
YOU LIED TO ME
ABOUT YOUR BACKGROUND.
ABOUT YOUR FAMILY!
AND STILL I'M THE DOG
WHO GETS WHACKED ON THE NOSE
WITH A NEWSPAPER ALL THE TIME.
WHEN IS THIS GONNA STOP?
OH, SO THIS IS MY PROBLEM?
YEAH, MAYBE IT IS.
OH, OH, SO THE FACT THAT
YOUR BEST FRIEND
VIOLENTLY DISSES OUR MARRIAGE
EVERY CHANCE SHE GETS,
PUBLICLY, REPEATEDLY...
WHY DO YOU THINK
SHE DOES THAT GEORGE?
HAVE YOU EVER
THOUGHT ABOUT THAT?
SHE'S HAVING A PROBLEM
WITH THIS. I UNDERSTAND THAT.
SHE HAS FEELINGS FOR YOU.
WHAT?
SHE WANTS YOU.
THAT'S WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
THAT'S WHY SHE HATES ME.
(snickers)
GEORGE, GEORGE,
DO NOT LAUGH AT ME.
NO. (chuckles) NO, I'M NOT.
I'M NOT.
OH, GOD.
(chuckles) I'M NOT. I--
IT'S JUST, COME ON,
SHE'S IZZIE.
SHE'S--SHE'S BL--
SHE'S BLONDE, SHE'S STACKED,
SHE'S--SHE'S A SUPERMODEL.
I'M GEORGE.
SO WHAT DOES THAT MAKE ME?
NO. NO, COME ON.
YOU ARE GORGEOUS...
(scoffs)
AND YOU'RE CURVY, AND I NEVER
THOUGHT YOU'D GO FOR ME.
JUST SHUT UP.
CALLIE--
THIS IS MY HOTEL ROOM
THAT I PAY FOR
WITH MY HUGE PILES OF MONEY.
GET THE HELL OUT OF IT!
(water running)
I'M SORRY ABOUT THE LIGHTS.
(water stops)
EH, WHATEVER.
THE FOOD WAS GOOD.
YOU WANT SOME PIE?
NAH, I GOTTA GO.
OH, BIG PLANS.
GOT A HOT DATE?
OH.
WELL, GOOD FOR YOU.
I GUESS "NOT INTERESTED"
REALLY MEANT NOT INTERESTED.
IZ...
YOU DIDN'T WANT ME.
YEAH.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I WANT YOU
TO WANT ANYONE ELSE.
AM I GONNA BE ALONE,
PINING OVER
A DEAD GUY FOREVER?
I HOPE NOT.
IT'S KIND OF A WASTE.
(sighs)
AM I SUPPOSED TO
MOVE ON NOW?
DO PEOPLE LOOK AT ME AND GO,
"SHE'S GOTTA
GET OVER IT ALREADY.
IT'S RUINING HER LIFE"?
YOU'LL MOVE ON
WHEN YOU'RE READY TO.
WHY ARE YOU SITTING
IN THE DARK?
IZZIE BLEW A FUSE.
OKAY, I'M HAVING A CRISIS.
OH, I DON'T NEED RESCUING.
SUSAN IS VERY NICE,
AND WE'RE GETTING THROUGH IT.
LIMPING THROUGH,
BUT WE'LL MAKE IT.
OKAY, NO, THIS ISN'T
A FAKE CRISIS.
THIS IS A REAL,
"MY EX IS ABOUT TO RUIN
MY IMPENDING MARRIAGE" CRISIS.
OH.
HEY. HEY. WHERE'S IZZIE?
KITCHEN.
SORRY.
IT'S NOT ALWAYS LIKE THIS.
YEAH, IT--IT KINDA IS.
THEY'RE IN THE OTHER ROOM.
I NEED YOU
TO GET OVER YOURSELF.
I NEED YOU TO START LIKING
MY WIFE.
I NEED YOU TO LIKE HER
BECAUSE SOMETIMES I DON'T,
AND I NEED YOU TO TALK ME
BACK INTO IT.
YOU SAY YOU'RE MY FRIEND?
THAT'S THE JOB.
OKAY.
I NEED TO VENT,
AND I NEED IT TO BE OKAY.
OKAY.
AND I NEED TO VENT
WITH ALCOHOL.
I GOT MARRIED, AND I'M SCARED
IT WAS A BAD IDEA.
(sighs)
NOBODY EVER GOT MARRIED
AND DIDN'T THINK THAT
AT LEAST ONCE.
(door creaks)
DID YOU FIND THE FUSE BOX?
YEAH. YEAH,
I JUST NEEDED TO...
TAKE A BREAK?
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO--
OR WHAT TO TALK TO HER ABOUT.
WORK'S A GOOD PLACE
TO START.
YOU KNOW, SHE'S PROUD
OF WHAT SHE DOES.
SHE'S GOOD AT IT, TOO.
I'D START WITH THAT.
YOU GET EACH OTHER.
THAT'S NICE.
SOME DAYS IT'S NICE.
SOME DAYS I'D LIKE TO
COME HOME TO SOMEONE
WHO DOESN'T KNOW
A THING ABOUT IT.
ROUGH DAY?
(sighs)
I ALMOST LOST A FRIEND
IN MY OWN O.R.
WAS IT YOUR FAULT?
I DON'T KNOW.
(sighs)
YOU WERE BOTH NERVOUS
TONIGHT.
IT'LL GET EASIER.
YEAH.
SHE'S TOUGH.
SHE TRIES TO HIDE IT.
SHE'S DIFFICULT.
BUT IF YOU MAKE AN EFFORT,
SHE'S WORTH IT.
YOU OKAY?
NOT ENTIRELY.
SHE'S WORTH THE EFFORT.
ALL RIGHT.
AH, NICE.
(pager beeps)
(sighs)
DAMN IT.
GOTTA GO BACK IN, HUH?
YEAH.
(chuckles)
WHY IS THERE
AN 11-INCH INCISION
IN MY CHEST?
(sighs) YOU CODED
ON THE TABLE--
AIR EMBOLUS.
I HAD TO OPEN YOU UP
AND ASPIRATE.
SEE, I'M SURE YOU DID
A GREAT JOB,
BUT THAT'S WHY YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE SOME REAL TROUBLE
CONVINCING ME TO DO IT AGAIN.
HELEN...
WE GOT IT ALL.
THE TUMOR--WE NEVER HAVE TO
GO BACK IN THERE AGAIN.
YOU'RE SURE?
I'M SURE.
YOU'RE GONNA LIVE A LONG,
LONG LIFE.
AND HERE I THOUGHT
YOU WERE JUST BEING AN ASS.
AH, I WAS AN ASS.
I HAD NO RIGHT
TO PUSH YOU LIKE THAT.
NO, YOU DID NOT.
I WAS GOING THROUGH
SOME STUFF,
AND I JUST--I...
I WAS AN ASS.
OKAY.
BUT IN THIS MOMENT,
YOU'RE THE ASS
WHO GAVE ME MY LIFE BACK.
I'M SO GLAD WE DID THIS.
I AM, TOO. THANK YOU
FOR SUGGESTING IT.
BECAUSE I--
YOU NEVER WOULD HAVE
IN A MILLION YEARS.
(both laugh)
GOOD NIGHT, SWEETIE.
THANK YOU. GOOD NIGHT.
(sighs)
I'M--I'M SORRY
A-ABOUT YOUR MOTHER.
THANK YOU.
THANKS.
SWING'S STILL HERE.
(chuckles)
YES, IT, UH, DOESN'T SWING.
NOBODY USES IT.
AH.
I PUT THIS IN THERE.
YOU USED TO CATCH
YOUR FINGERS IN IT.
(chuckles)
OH.
(swing squeaking)
(Izzie) SUCK IT UP,
GO BACK WITH YOUR TAIL
BETWEEN YOUR LEGS
AND JUST APOLOGIZE.
NO!
NO, REALLY. LOOK, YOU JUST--
I'M ALWAYS APOLOGIZING.
"I'M SORRY. I'M AN ASS."
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
AND IT'S OVER.
AND THEN IT'S ALL OVER.
NO. NOT REAL--I CAN'T
BE WRONG ALL THE TIME.
(laughs)
IS THAT REALLY POSSIBLE?
DON'T--DON'T FINISH IT.
HEY, DON'T BE GRABBY.
YOU--I DON'T HAVE ANY.
BOGIE.
MAYBE YOU'RE WRONG
ALL THE TIME,
MAYBE SHE'S JUST
REALLY INSECURE.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU STILL HAVE TO GROVEL.
OH.
DON'T YOU--FILL...
(mutters)
YEAH, UM, SHE'S...
SHE'S INSECURE.
YEAH.
THAT IS A FACT.
SHE'S INSECURE.
WHAT?
WHAT? (laughs)
JUST TELL ME.
(laughs) MNH-MNH.
COME ON.
NO.
COME ON!
(laughs) SHUT UP.
(laughs)
NO, IT'S, UM, JU--
NOTHING.
JUST THAT SHE THINKS
YOU HAVE FEELINGS FOR ME,
LIKE THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
(laughs)
(laughs) I LOVE THAT.
THAT'S FABULOUS.
NO, AND--AND--AND...
OH, I NEED A TISSUE.
THAT, UH, I-I-I DESPERATELY
WANT YOU.
(laughs)
(both laugh)
(coughs)
I'M CRYING.
(laughs) MMM.
IS SHE CRAZY?
YOU KNOW, I THINK--
I THINK SHE'S MAYBE
A LITTLE CRAZY.
(laughs) OH, CAN'T BREATHE.
SHUT UP.
I CAN'T BREATHE.
SHH.
WE GOTTA BE QUIET. SHH.
OW. (laughs)
***
(chuckles)
SCARY DAY, HUH?
YEAH.
WELL,
YOUR AMNIOTIC SAC'S INTACT,
THE PLACENTA'S
IN GOOD POSITION.
DR. MONTGOMERY SEWED
YOUR CERVIX UP SO TIGHT,
NOTHING'S COMING OUTTA THERE.
SO THE BABY'S GONNA BE OKAY?
***
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO SEE
HOW IT GOES.
I'M SORRY.
YOU ASKED ME WHAT I THOUGHT,
AND I TOLD YOU TO GO FOR IT,
AND I'M...
I'M REALLY SORRY.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
NO, SEE, WHEN I PULLED YOU
OUT OF THAT WATER AT THE FERRY,
I... YOU'RE...
I TALKED TO YOU LIKE YOU WERE
MY SISTER, AND I SHOULDN'T HAVE.
I'M AN INTERN.
YOU GOTTA GET
YOUR MEDICAL ADVICE
FROM AN ATTENDING.
I ASKED YOU
'CAUSE I TRUST YOU.
WHY DON'T YOU SIT
AND TELL ME A BEDTIME STORY
OR SOMETHING?
WHAT'S WORSE,
NEW WOUNDS, WHICH ARE
SO HORRIBLY PAINFUL...
(sighs) MOVE OVER.
YOU'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE BED.
OR OLD WOUNDS THAT SHOULD'VE
HEALED YEARS AGO
AND NEVER DID?
***
(sighs)
AM I GONNA SCREW UP
THIS ENGAGEMENT?
I DON'T KNOW.
DO YOU WANT TO?
***
MY MOM IS DEAD.
YEAH, SHE IS.
MAYBE OUR OLD WOUNDS
TEACH US SOMETHING.
THEY REMIND US
OF WHERE WE'VE BEEN
AND WHAT WE'VE OVERCOME.
***
THEY TEACH US LESSONS ABOUT
WHAT TO AVOID IN THE FUTURE.
THAT'S WHAT WE LIKE TO THINK.
BUT THAT'S NOT THE WAY IT IS,
IS IT?
***
SOME THINGS
WE JUST HAVE TO LEARN
OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
OH.
***